with average camera you can take
low-noise photographs with your iPhone
it automatically takes multiple photos
and calculates the average photo out of
these by doing that any kind of friend
of noise gets cancelled out the more
pictures are taking the more random
noise will be attenuated let's compare
the capability of average camera with
that of iPhones birds and camera within
an ordinary illuminated room let's take
a photo with the camera app and now
let's take one with average camera with
the set up average out of eight pictures
and a seven seconds timer the timer
gives you the chance to lean your iPhone
against something before the app starts
to take the photos that's mandatory
because the resulting long exposure time
will lead to heavenly blur results if
done handheld
as you can see the photo taken by from
spurton camera is pretty noisy however
the photo taken by average camera is
very clean so erage camera can already
be useful in ordinary illuminated rooms
but now let's take it to the extreme
this room is not very dark delighted to
achieve good results in this room we
have to choose a much larger amount of
photographs to be averaged out that's
true 64
taking that many pictures take some time
the estimated remaining time can be read
out here
the result is still pretty dark but
average come on let's you increase the
exposure afterwards with the slider by
the way doing this operation with an
average camera will lead to a much
higher quality than first saving the
picture and then brighten it in other
apps because it will be done before any
JPEG compression if we fully utilize
average cameras internal 16-bit per
channel processing of its photograph and
also compensate for iPhones cameras
nonlinear transfer function let's take a
picture with iPhones camera app - as you
can see the photo taken with iPhones
built-in camera app is almost unusable
it's very noisy and dark Everage camera
so does much better
but as you can see there's still some
noise but it looks different as a noise
we've seen before it needs to follow
some pattern where this noise isn't
random noise but it's a cult banging
noise this kind of noise won't when no
matter how many pictures you will use
for calculating an average this noise is
a fixed property of Ivan's camera it
came into life while the cameras
manufacturing and it will be there
forever
however it's additive and so if you know
what the noise is like we can just
abstract it from the picture
luckily average camera is capable of
doing this and here's how first we have
to show average camera what the noise
looks like
for this purpose we take just for one
single time an average picture of a
white area we do this by setting the
picture number parameter to its maximum
to achieve the best possible result and
then better take these pictures with a
piece of white paper put over the camera
then we will tell average camera to use
this picture as the noise fingerprint
from no.1 we can remove the banging
noise from any picture we take by just
selecting remove banging noise and as
you can see the result with applied
banging noise removal it doesn't show
this kind of noise anymore thank you